Humans are essentially a
bunch of electrical signals.
Your perception of this world.
your memory.
is all getting into here.
right through this wire.
Yes. right here.
Fuck it.
I'm not escaping.
I don't care any fucking
problems 100 years from now.
This is not my problem!
This is the technology
keeping human civilization alive.
I'm building a new world!
Why is it forbidden?
Why?
Your body is fragile.
It gets hurt.
It gets sick.
It gets old.
It dies.
It gets fucking depressed.
But...
the digital you can live
forever. theoretically.
Initially.
no one minded this disaster.
It's just a wildfire.
drought.
species extinction.
and disappearance of a city...
until this disaster became
closely related to everyone.
Listen.
you didn't need guns in this place before.
[Libreville]
You missed the good old days.
This street...
wasn't this way.
It was...
The night market was great.
[Liu Peiqiang]
It was known as the Little
Northeast of Africa.
Barbecue stalls were everywhere.
It's fine. They're patrolling.
The kunga cakes were this thick.
There were 500.000 midges in a cake.
It was yummy.
Now. you can't even eat midges anymore.
We're here.
This is where they are.
Mr. Liu.
Mrs. Liu.
I brought Peiqiang to see you.
[Zhang Peng]
This kid is promising.
He passed our country's
Reserve Astronauts examination.
Next. he's preparing to go to the Moon.
He's training here now.
Don't worry.
I'll take good care of him.
Chief.
Is there really a Solar Crisis?
You'll be blind.
I guess so. They're already fighting this
way. [34 years to the solar helium flash]
Anyway. Earth will be
swallowed up in 100 years
and the solar system will
be destroyed in 300 years.
That's it.
What else can we do?
Slow down.
Are you ready to go to the Moon?
Once you're there. you'll be
staying for 10 or 20 years.
That's great.
Our whole family will be in the sky.
Anyway. Earth isn't nice at all.
It's pretty nice just to be alive.
Silly kid.
Listen.
Hang in there.
Steadier!
Steady!
[The Moving Mountain Project]
[No.1 Planetary Test Engine]
Did you see that?
That's the Test Engine 1
of the Moving Mountain Project.
We'll be done in less than six months.
Six months?
Can it be done in time?
Listen. We can even build
engines on the Moon.
We don't even need people.
They're all automatically
done. non-stop. quick.
As long as no one sabotages
it. six months is enough.
Attention.
ATC10171 is entering AA
inner circle Mark D2.
Please confirm.
IFF check pass. Stand down.
The sun is rapidly aging.
It continues to expand.
A hundred years later. the sun will
expand to engulf the entire Earth.
After 300 years. the solar
system will cease to exist.
In response to the Solar
Crisis 100 years from now.
A United Earth Government
was established...
and dozens of crisis
response plans were proposed.
To ensure that more people survive.
the Moving Mountain Project finally
decided to build 10.000 Earth Engines
to drive the Earth out of the solar system.
At the same time. three satellite engines
were built to exile the Moon
and guarantee the smooth departure of Earth
from the Moon's gravity.
To verify the feasibility
of the Moving Mountain Project.
33 countries co-founded the joint experiment bases
in Libreville and on the Moon's Campanus Crater.
However. as the project progressed.
the difficulty and high
cost of implementation
intensified the impact of the interest
of all parties in the world.
Doubts. oppositions. and conflicts
are escalating day by day.
Another armed riot broke out
in the suburb of Libreville.
UEG has sent peacekeeping
forces to quell it.
Their equipment is getting
more and more advanced.
There must be a state-level
armed forces behind them.
The crisis response plan
became the crisis itself.
The feasibility verification
of the Mountain Moving Project...
is of utmost urgency.
This is First Avenue. We've been attacked.
I repeat. We have been attacked.
[New York]
This is UEG Avenue. We have
three officers injured.
Calling for backup.
[UEG Headquarter Building]
Location. UEG Building.
There has been an explosion.
Requesting for backup.
Send backup immediately.
UEG has been attacked.
Be careful in Philadelphia.
Okay. got it.
Please wait a moment.
I think the Digital Life supporters did it.
Excuse me.
We shouldn't have banned
the Digital Life Project.
Do we know the number of attackers?
I don't give a damn! Just send someone.
Sorry.
Currently. 127 people from 53 countries were
arrested. [10 months to the first ignition]
[Hao Xiaoxi]
As of now. there are 17 reports of damage
on the UEG HQ building.
the United Nations Avenue has 13.
First Avenue has 21.
5 on East 43rd Street.
74 on East 44th Street...
I'll cut to the chase.
This attack on the UEG is an indication that
people have lost interest in the project.
We advise postponement of
the Moving Mountain Project.
Mike.
That is a bad idea.
The darkest hour is always before dawn.
We suggest...
continuing the construction and withstanding
all distractions and disruptions...
to complete verification
as soon as possible.
Don't forget.
We only have a 13-month window.
The sun won't wait for us.
[Zhou Zhezhi]
Qiangzi.
Listen. The environment is very dangerous.
Do your best.
Don't date. don't marry. don't have kids.
[UEG Joint Research Base. Gabon]
- 1.428 young pilots...
- Don't worry. Chief.
- From 33 different countries...
- I must roam space on behalf of mankind.
Has successfully entered Gabon base
to build up the talent pool
for the Moving Mountain Project.
A large crowd of protesters
are gathered outside the base.
protesting against the continuation
of the Moving Mountain Project.
Get out of my way!
Fire.
I'm burning this place down!
[Han Duoduo]
"Han Duoduo".
Is Earth nice or what?
All armed personnel.
you've been surrounded.
Drop your weapons at once and surrender.
[Pass]
Fuck off! I'm gonna burn this place now.
Get the fuck out of my way!
This thing can move.
It moves when you move.
Have you had breakfast?
Yes.
You'll vomit if you ate a lot.
What?
You'll get eliminated if you vomit later.
[The Space Elevator]
This is your first training in the air.
Don't let your vomit block your windpipes.
Get lost if you vomit.
I won't perform CPR on you.
Hello. I'm Han Duoduo.
Low Earth Orbit Healthcare major.
Hello.
- Liu Peiqiang.
- Hey. beautiful.
How are you doing?
I am fine. Thank you.
And you?
As the Space Elevator ascends.
- I'm annoyed.
- You'll sustain up to 9G.
Earth won't go easy on you
just because you're trainees.
Check your anti-G suits.
Or your parents will end up in tears.
Prepare to launch Space Elevator.
All staff for final check.
Ready to inflate anti-G suits.
You know. beautiful.
if you're afraid. you
can always hold my hand.
Checking respiratory system.
You too.
You three.
Launch countdown.
Pedestrian bridge withdrawn.
Cargo gate closing.
Five.
- Electromagnetic launch connected.
- Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Launch.
Breathe.
Pay attention to the frequency.
Scream your lungs out. kids.
You'll pass out within ten seconds.
The 90.000 km Space Elevator is the
tallest architecture in human history.
This is your starting point to the Moon.
We're counting on you to
protect mankind's future.
Pass granted.
Passage through Cargo
Transfer Area granted.
Welcome to Docking Area A7
of the Ark Space Station.
We wish you a good day.
[The Ark ISS - Under Construction]
Three unauthorized individuals detected.
Please strictly operate
in authorized area only.
These three won't wake up anytime soon.
During this one-month training.
they won't get much chance to sleep here.
[29 days to the attack]
Next.
Hey. open.
Breathe through the chest.
Semi-closed slow breathing. twice as slow.
Activate the electromagnetic gun.
Lock on the target.
If your hit rate is less
than 70%. get lost at once.
Next.
Give up.
I want to get rid of half of you.
Prepare your weapons.
Congratulations. you two.
You passed the first exam.
You're now chosen to be Lunar
Base astronaut trainees.
Actually. it's not important to roam space.
Giving flowers to the one
you like is important.
You're so corny.
Another 15 degrees...
and it's perfect.
2.27 degrees Celsius.
Wind speed. 14 knots.
- Wind heading. 210.
- They're watching closely. Can't do this.
- Visibility.
- We'll be watching next time.
- 10 km operating.
- The gun.
You have five minutes.
1.010 hectopascal.
Few clouds at 1.200 feet.
[4 minutes to the attack]
Hi.
Flower delivery?
Who is it for?
Do you want me to deliver it for you?
- It's for you-know-who.
- Who?
- Go away. Get lost.
- If you want...
Get lost.
I can deliver it when
you've made up your mind.
Anyway. I'm here.
I'm always here.
Hey. you.
Did you see Liu Peiqiang?
Liu Peiqiang.
No.
Nov?
Simultaneous interpretation online.
You're dropping off new trainees too?
Don't embarrass our school.
You bastard. Call me by my full name.
It has been years and we both lost weight.
You don't look the same.
What's going on?
Don't close the door.
There's still someone else.
Open the door.
As the light of Earth.
I should've gone to the Moon last year.
But they made me teach another batch.
Mr. Wang is jealous of me.
That's right. It's because
you're the light of Earth.
I didn't do it on purpose.
[Remove before flight]
Who unplugged all the safety plugs?
Who did this?
I don't know. What the hell is happening?
Mr. Wang is aiming at me.
We lost control of all the drones!
Our system has been hacked!
We're going to work straight from here?
Will we get overtime pay?
Space Elevator Cabin 2
emergency launch initiated.
All passengers be seated immediately.
- I don't have an anti-G suit.
- Come on. hurry. This way.
Please take safety precautions.
[Joint Research Base Control Tower. Gabon]
[Cabin-09 Ascending]
[Cabin-08 Ascending]
[Cabin-03 Ascending]
[Cabin-01 Ascending]
Five.
- What's going on?
- Four.
- All right.
- Don't mess around.
- Three.
- Let's go.
Two.
- One.
- Let's go. everybody...
Launch.
[Warning]
[Cabin-07 Ascending]
[Cabin-04 Ascending]
[Cabin-06 Ascending]
[Cabin-02 Ascending]
My God.
Jeff.
Is communication back up?
Don't ask me. I also don't have any idea.
Central Control. Do you read me?
[35 minutes to the Space Station crash]
Central Control.
Do you read me?
Come in. Central Control.
Can you hear me?
Come in. Come in. Central Control.
Control. Do you read me?
The same exact name.
[Han Duoduo]
That's the same as my name.
- They're reserve astronauts too?
- Which batch?
- What does this mean?
- I haven't seen them.
Hey. my foot is stuck!
Air raid!
Peiqiang!
- Air raid warning!
- Peiqiang!
Air raid warning!
All combat units. advance position now!
Liu Peiqiang!
You're fired.
- I quit. so you can't fire me.
- What are you doing?
I don't like quitters.
Give it to her.
Give her your name tag.
Your flirting skills suck.
[Locked]
[Enter emergency mode]
All fighters. scramble.
Annihilate all drones.
Protect the Space Elevator
and test Earth Engines.
Our system has been attacked!
Alert Ground Control to initiate
Emergency Response Plan 5.
The hack was a success.
Drones are breaching their defense.
We don't have much time.
Approach from both sides
and leave nothing to chance.
They are stealing identities.
Why only ours?
How did they get in?
Open the door first.
Our ID gives them access to CIC.
Their target is...
the Ark Space Station.
Calling Control Tower!
I'm sorry.
All communication is cut off.
- All communication is cut off!
- Wake up!
Let's go.
You sit there!
Don't move!
Liu Peiqiang!
You fool. let me out!
Shut up!
Let me out!
I can't hear you!
- Liu Peiqiang!
- Liu Peiqiang.
You can't defeat them.
We're not regularized yet.
We don't have medical insurance.
My earpiece is broken. I don't understand.
But I get it.
Even if I'm the only one left.
I'll guard the Space Elevator with my life.
It seems that you don't get it.
What I mean is
we shouldn't have opened this door.
All ordinance officers.
prepare ammunition for air-to-air combat.
Air Defense Mode 1. got it!
Remove the safety!
I repeat. Don't forget
to turn off the safety.
First launch.
Target locking failed.
They're all fucking allies.
I can't even tell who are the enemies.
The ones on the radar are allies.
Cut the crap.
I'm locked as a target.
I can't shake them off.
Nov. shake them off now!
I'm working on it.
The sky is full of people.
Why only go after me?
There are too many of them.
Too fucking many!
Help! Mom. I want to go home!
What should I do?
The drones' vortex won't last long.
You have a big fuel tank. Wear them out!
Then what?
Kovochur.
God!
Ura!
I was the best in school for a reason.
Stop showing off. Backup is here.
I shook them off!
Daddy is back!
Visual attack.
Kill them!
How long will it take
for the command system to come back again?
Go to the base station.
Connect 550C to the system.
Move!
[Joint Research Base UCAV
Control Center. Gabon]
Our system has been breached.
Connect 550C to the communication network.
Overwrite the system.
If we can successfully overwrite the 550C.
[Intelligent Quantum Computer 550C]
we can regain control.
Attention. all units.
Unidentified object
approaching at high speed!
Missiles!
What the fuck are these?
Their target is the Space Elevator!
Cut the crap!
Use the tactic Mr. Wang taught us.
Go! I'll cover you.
Launch two.
Hurry. Stop him! He's getting the remote.
SEV-09 signal lost.
[Cabin-09 signal lost]
Left wing damaged!
Bomb! Someone just dropped!
Someone just dropped!
They want to destroy
all the elevator cabins!
Nov. we can't catch up to them.
It's okay. I'm faster than you.
Requesting backup!
Higher! Stronger!
Let go.
You let go first.
Cabin 4 just got...
granted the access at the space station.
We're the only ones who
passed the identity checks.
Reaching target height.
Ready to detonate.
Pass granted.
Passage through Cargo
Transfer Area granted.
Welcome to Docking Area A3
of the Ark Space Station.
We wish you a good day.
550C system scan complete.
Real-time system overwrite complete.
Drone control attained.
Now.
The 550C is taking over
control of all drones.
Power system shut down with override.
Awesome!
Hoorah!
550C is so fast.
Real-time overwrite of
the Space Elevator system completed.
Space Elevator control regained!
Abort launch process!
Initiate elevator cabin return thruster!
Injecting Water.
Ice shield.
Commence.
Attention.
All reserve astronauts in Cabin 2.
The cabin has been
targeted by suicide drones.
Detonation must be stopped at all cost.
Attention.
All reserve astronauts in Cabin 2.
The cabin has been
targeted by suicide drones.
Detonation must be stopped at all cost.
My finger.
Duoduo!
Liu Peiqiang!
The Space Elevator must be destroyed.
Go. Duoduo!
Digital Life is the only way out!
- In another world.
- You ruined...
we'll live...
- forever!
- My flowers!
I'll kill you!
Stand up!
Stand!
What are you looking at?
Give me the flowers.
Duoduo.
The flower.
- Get lost.
- Okay.
Kill me.
- I don't want to live in this world.
- Authorization reclaimed for seven elevator cabs.
- Elevators No. 1. 2. and 5 are returning.
- Put your hands up slowly.
- Ground unit. get ready to aid.
- Hand it over.
Holy shit!
What's going on?
Look at the sky. It's on fire!
The Space Station has fallen.
I repeat.
Herbert. Are you okay?
Help me.
- Move aside.
- Nurse.
[Joint Research Base 2nd
Central Hospital. Gabon]
Mr. Secretary.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Merely four hours ago.
the Space Elevator suffered a carefully
planned and organized terrorist attack.
As of now. the death toll stands at 3.521.
with a further 5.137 injured.
This is the largest terrorist attack
aimed at the Moving Mountain Project
since the attack on the UEG headquarters
three months ago.
This attack has directly caused severe
delays in the Moving Mountain Project.
This means we will not be
able to complete in time
the verification of the
feasibility of these projects.
Mankind's countermeasures
against the Solar Crisis
are increasingly likely to be terminated.
We reserve all rights
to take further action as appropriate.
We are confident in our ability to protect
our homeland and the safety of our citizens.
[7 months to the first ignition]
The Space Agency replied.
We still have a seven-month window.
Seven months.
Xiaoxi.
Mr. Zhou.
You want me to make such
an important statement?
Is there ever an
unimportant statement here?
Just read it word for word.
The Space Elevator was destroyed
in an attack on March 12th.
The Moving Mountain Project
is facing a major setback.
Protests broke out in many places
asking to restart the Digital Life Project.
I live forever!
Due to time pressure.
UEG held an emergency conference to discuss
the relaunch of the Digital Life Project.
We'll continue to firmly
implement the existing plan.
Within seven months.
we'll complete the Moving Mountain Project
feasibility test.
What's going on?
What's happening?
What the hell is going on?
- Quick.
- Our electricity system has been hacked.
We call on all countries to
manage their differences.
Simultaneous interpretation is online.
stop preparing for war.
Put more effort into the
Solar Crisis initiatives.
The main artery that links Earth
and the Moon has been cut.
We underestimated the
opposition's power to infiltrate.
91% of Americans do not believe
in the Moving Mountain Project.
The US Senate is discussing pulling out of
it and restarting the Digital Life Project.
More are questioning
how much solving a crisis 100 years in the
future should matter to people living now.
It seems the world isn't
on the side of reality.
Zhou.
What do you think we should do now?
Let me show you something.
What is it?
- That?
- Right here.
In 1990.
your Voyager took this photo of Earth.
Right.
This little white dot...
is our everything.
The Moving Mountain Project...
would like to build 10.000 engines
in this little white dot...
and take them to a new
home 2.500 years from now.
Mike. do you believe that?
That's just a photo from space
that's Voyager looking back at us.
I believe it.
My children will believe it.
My children's children will believe it.
By then.
I believe that we'll see the blue sky
and branches full of flowers again.
Next.
what do you think you should do?
I'll convey this to my president.
By the way.
completing the feasibility test
for the Moving Mountain Project
in just seven months is quite doubtful.
But good luck.
Seven months.
Two engines.
Only us.
That's not fair.
Xiaoxi.
If everything is fair.
why build this building?
In the face of crisis.
only responsibility exists.
Unity comes with a price.
The first batch of supplies is on the way.
We're counting on them
for the next seven months.
[Tu Hengyu]
Dad.
How do I solve this?
[Campanus]
The solar storm destroyed Transformer 4.
The electricity is out.
what do you want me to do?
We need to pull everyone
out before they suffocate.
This is the fourth time this month.
Stop your whining.
The solar activity is about to burst.
Better get used to it.
[Emergency awakening]
[Life support power off]
[Intelligent Quantum Computer 550A]
Dad.
It's so dark over there. Dad.
It's okay.
It's fine. Our power is out.
Dad.
Dad. how do I solve this?
This is too hard. I don't
know how to solve it.
Then teach me how to braid my hair.
Tu Hengyu. the last batch
of supplies has arrived.
Come out to assemble now.
Dad.
Dad. I want a hug!
I'll hug you when I'm back. okay?
Ma Zhao.
I'll find a chance to show you
[UEC Joint Research Base. Campanus]
the return capsule from
our first lunar mission.
Apart from me. that's the
second light of Earth.
Seven months correspond to the next solar
maxima. [3 months to the first ignition]
The solar wind is detrimental
to electronic equipment.
We can't work on the lunar surface
for at least a year.
Before this. we must ignite
the lunar satellite engine
and give the world an answer.
They brought us new equipment
to help us complete the engine test.
Mr. Ma.
Say a few words.
Come on. give a round of applause.
This is 550C.
the most advanced self-sensing.
self-adapting. self-organizing.
and remoldable compiling compute core.
After connecting to the hardware.
it can generate an underlying
operating system in real-time
and automatically organize
engine construction.
There are currently
three of these worldwide.
To collect automated data.
we brought this one here.
[Light of the Earth Lunar Module. Campanus]
[Russia's First Moon Landing Module]
Tu Hengyu and I are responsible
for 550C's system operation.
Okay. Mr. Ma.
I believe that with its help. we can quickly
recover from the solar wind's impact
and guarantee the ignition test's launch.
[The Moving Mountain Project]
[01 Test Lunar Engine]
Tu Hengyu. connect 500C
as soon as possible.
Test its compatibility and
restart damaged modules.
Mr. Ma. you must enter your password.
[Engineering machine modules
activated successfully]
Module Group 11 activated.
Module Group 27 activated.
Module Group 31 activated.
Module Group 44 activated.
DOG Cluster activated.
Printing of construction materials resumed.
550C is so fast.
Its speed is so fast.
I brought your data card from our center.
This is the backup when
you just got back in 2037.
This concerns personal privacy.
After our center shuts down.
all participants must decide
if they want to keep a personal backup.
If you want it. sign here.
If not. I'll destroy it in front of you.
Where's your backup?
I didn't keep one.
I hope that I can truly die someday
and not become someone's digital pet.
When we're dead. we're dead.
That's the reality.
There's a level Z3 solar storm forecast
arriving in four hours.
I know what you're thinking.
In the next three months.
we must work day and night.
If the lunar satellite
engine ignition test fails.
we'll all die.
Dad.
Dad. how do I solve this?
This is too hard. I don't
know how to solve it.
Then teach me how to braid my hair.
Sure.
Mr. Ma.
Dad. you're with Mr. Ma?
Follow this.
Mr. Ma. what are you doing?
Yaya.
I have to work.
Go get some rest.
Bye. Dad. Bye. Mr. Ma.
Dad. where is this place?
Where's Mom?
Dad. it's so cold here.
I want a hug from you.
Dad. where's Mom?
Dad. hug me!
Dad.
Dad. how do I solve this?
In which generation was
self-awareness developed?
The 425th.
This is the real hope
of digital life research and development.
Has our center's research...
really stopped completely?
Not completely.
but permanently banned in the legal sense.
If this technology becomes widespread
in this catastrophic time.
no one will be willing to
live in the real world.
After all. the temptation
of living forever in the digital world
is too irresistible for ordinary people.
♫ Twinkle. twinkle little star ♫
♫ How I wonder what you are ♫
Dad.
I want to have ice cream
first in the amusement park.
Do you want strawberry or milk flavor?
I want the biggest one. the
one that's bigger than me.
Have one of each.
Your mom is the one
who always eats them in the end.
All my teeth will fall out.
- Will that be okay?
- When we get there.
I'll buy it for you.
Are you crazy?
Why didn't you bring them to the hospital?
- This isn't a hospital.
- She was brought here from the hospital.
Mr. Ma. I don't dare to sign this.
These are the center's equipment.
I'm sorry to see Yaya this way.
Her life is hanging by a thread.
This is an opportunity.
This technology isn't mature yet.
His wife is already dead.
- Can't we keep some memories for the kid's dad?
- Mr. Ma.
Who will take responsibility for this?
I will.
We're only one step away from
completing the research. Mr. Ma.
550C's hardware has reached its limit.
Yaya has iterated 915 generations so far.
but she still only has two minutes to live.
I want...
to give her a complete life.
I know why you're showing me these.
but no.
550C can only be used
for the ignition test.
After it's done. 550A will be recovered
and destroyed too.
I allowed you to use 550A
before out of sympathy.
Don't push it.
Warning!
Level Z9 solar storm.
[Joint Research Base No.21
Ming Field. Campanus]
Attention. everyone!
The solar storm will hit the lunar surface
in six minutes.
- Stop working at once.
- Return to the base.
Is this forecast true?
Speed up.
I thought we had another hour.
Mr. Ma. Xiaoyu. where are you?
The solar storm will hit the lunar surface
earlier than expected.
Warning failure.
There's 3 km. We still have 3 km to go.
There's an underground bunker at the base.
550C will only be safe there.
This lousy vehicle is harder
to drive than a plane.
Our life is more important.
Cut the crap. drive!
The solar storm is about to hit us.
We'll be there soon.
Come out to unload!
Inform Earth.
A giant solar storm is
exceeding the forecasted level.
That's nonsense. All communications
are cut off. How can we inform them?
Hurry!
Tu Hengyu.
Mr. Ma. the safety buckle is broken.
Why must it be broken now?
Go.
There's not enough time. Let's go!
If the oxygen supply is
broken. we'll all suffocate.
We're almost there.
Almost there.
Tu Hengyu. hurry!
Come on.
Remove his helmet. The oxygen
supply is cut off. Hurry!
He's suffocating. He's dying! Hurry!
We're all still breathing.
Jesus!
Nice.
The situation now...
Right. this is the situation.
What's strange is that none of our warning
devices... [3 days to the first ignition]
sent out any warnings.
550C is totally destroyed.
Without it. we can't accurately
control the engine's launch position.
If we forcefully ignite it...
I'll smack you.
The test is in three days.
If we miss the window. we're all doomed.
You're all out of ideas?
When will the safety buckle be safe?
I have an idea.
550A might work.
Dad.
Dad. how do I solve this?
Write four.
You're incredible. Dad!
Yaya. be good.
I'll be back to see you.
Bye.
Bye. Dad.
Take it.
It should be enough for ignition.
I must spend a few days to modify it. But
the ignition's computational load is heavy.
550A will be burned up.
That's why I have a condition.
Include me in the 550
series' further development.
If you agree. I'll give
you 550A's password.
Moving Mountain Project verification.
Lunar satellite 1 test engine.
first ignition test begins.
550A connects to the ignition module.
Begin self-compilation.
Begin synchronized overwrite.
Copy.
Attention. ignition unit.
Start the ignition.
Helium-3 is loaded.
Lighter loading completed.
Underlying operating system generated.
Begin the countdown to ignition.
All personnel. evacuate now.
Mr. Ma. Hengyu. evacuate too.
Tu Hengyu. what are you waiting for?
Mr. Ma.
I need to confirm what you promised me.
This is very important to me.
I want to give Yaya...
a complete life.
For the sake of Mother Earth!
What are you doing?
Hurry!
Or we'll go ahead.
I'm confirming it.
If we succeed. don't forget about Yaya.
Lunar 1 test engine ignition completed.
The Moon successfully had an angular
displacement of 0.4 nano arc seconds.
This proves the Moon could be pushed
to the target position within 20 years.
- Come here and watch it.
- And remove its gravitational grip on Earth.
Based on this achievement.
Earth Engine 1 will begin
its trial ignition today.
If we can successfully shift Earth as well.
the two experiments will completely verify
the Moving Mountain Project's feasibility.
And it will bring real hope to all mankind
in resolving the Solar Crisis.
Ten. nine. eight. seven. six.
five.
four.
three.
two.
one.
Failed. huh?
How will you explain that to the world?
Another seven months wasted.
It failed. right?
What will you tell the world now?
[No signal]
Earth produced an angular displacement
of 2 pico arc seconds.
We did it!
It's working.
Ignition is successful.
We finally found a
direction for the future!
The Moving Mountain
Project has been verified!
I went to get your red envelope.
- Please take a seat.
- Here?
- Is this appropriate?
- Yes. it is.
- Here. have a cigarette.
- I don't smoke.
I'm the groom's dad.
Your son's surname is Liu.
Why is your surname Zhang?
Two successful engine ignition tests proved
550C's great potential in engine construction.
Under 550C's coordination. the underground
cities' construction time is shortened by 75%.
greatly reducing the Moving
Mountain Project's cost.
Canada's geological
exploration is completed.
Construction of North American Engines
will officially begin.
The quantum computer 550 series
is developing a higher computing power
engine-specific network based on 550C.
According to a new round of surveys.
for the first time.
public support for Moving Mountain
has overtaken that of Digital Life.
The last batch of Space Elevator attackers
are now on public trial.
This marks the complete obsolescence
of the Digital Life Project.
You brats.
I'll show you later what a
natural-born astronaut is.
As the Space Elevator is being rebuilt.
the UEG launched the
Navigator Project construction
to provide early warning
for the Moving Mountain Project.
Europe begins to cede rights for
more 550Cs to be used for construction.
Sooner or later. we'll be
replaced by these things.
Full automation has replaced
a great number of industrial workers.
In the past 14 years.
through self decision-making
and automated construction.
the 550 series helped us
complete 5.321 engines.
The Underground City Quota Lottery Plan was
passed at the UEG general assembly today.
China's delegates strongly
protested its fairness.
This lottery plan seriously contradicts the
Moving Mountain Project's original intention.
Only half of the global population has
the chance to enter the underground cities.
As Earth's rotation gradually stops.
we'll switch from a 24-hour time system
to a 60-hour one.
The surge in solar radiation has led to an
explosive growth of cancer around the world.
We've been through hardships.
We've given resources. time. and even life.
At the same time.
we also gained mutual aid and solidarity.
Get lost. Don't let robots take our jobs.
Look at their suits.
Sooner or later. they'll be replaced.
Welcome to Sulawesi
Automated Construction Site.
550W. an upgraded version
of the quantum computer 550C.
enters offline testing phase.
It's estimated to build the control network for
Earth Engines globally in the next ten years.
It's fine.
I can just apply to be a navigator. [You are
qualified to enter the underground city]
Our son has a slot too.
We're all invited to safeguard
the unity of mankind together.
On behalf of China.
please allow me to solemnly announce
the official renaming of
the Moving Mountain Project
to the Wandering Earth Project.
In the past 28 years. there have been
9.1 billion cyberattacks against us.
7.9 billion of these were
made in the year 2044 alone.
In January. there were
30 million cyberattacks.
Over the past several months.
we have seen the infrastructure of
New York City and UEG Headquarters
damaged beyond repair.
And in March this year. there
were 4.4 billion attacks.
The Space Elevator was also attacked
which resulted in the fall
of the Ark Space Station.
On the lunar base. the life support
- and early warning systems were disabled.
- However.
in the last decade.
over 10.000 attackers and organizers
have been arrested.
We have put a stop to
the Digital Life Project.
Speaking of which.
digital technology has greatly enhanced
our construction efficiency.
The risks are nothing
compared to the benefits.
This photo was received
by Institute 710 in 1987.
It says. "2044".
The source is unknown.
The second one was received by our Ultrafast
Optical Femtosecond Lab last week.
It says. "205807".
The source is unknown.
This information concerns
thousands of laboratories worldwide.
I believe all countries' intelligence
agencies received messages like this.
We speculate that this is
a kind of warning message.
We all know what we experienced in 2044.
We hope all parties will take it seriously.
Today is June 22nd. 2058.
What was just unveiled behind me
is the Moon Departure Monument.
Xiaoxi.
Have a seat.
Any reply on the Moon's backup plan?
Some countries raised objections.
They didn't sign it.
The main disagreement
is the strategic nuclear weapons' donation.
I'm afraid it will end
up like 14 years ago.
Take strict precautions
and make a backup plan.
[7 days to the lunar crisis]
[Paris]
[UEG Spaceflight Control Center]
In my estimation. the
key is the bean itself.
Now there are many exceptional beans that come
from places like Sumatra and even Kathmandu.
When the Moon is too far to be seen.
I wonder if we'll still have
the Mid-Autumn Festival holiday.
It's fine as long as we can eat mooncakes.
Preferably with meat filling.
Buddy. are you sure you're
talking about mooncakes?
You're from the North.
The people today didn't see
the Moon in ancient times.
but the Moon once shone on ancient people.
The Moon will always stay in people's
memories as our longing for our hometown.
As the Lunar Exile Project initiates.
[Beijing]
let us once again
- offer our blessings to the Moon.
- Ready.
A big watermelon
sliced in half.
Half for you.
half for your mom.
One half.
Come here.
One. two.
Go. Blow on it.
These are for you two.
I want to take photos with my phone.
I want to edit them with my phone.
I'm going to edit photos.
Mom. I want to edit photos too.
Wait. let me do it first.
Mom. let me do it too.
Be patient. Let me finish first.
- Let me edit them too.
- Wait.
Wait until I'm done. okay?
It's okay.
I won't edit them anymore. Don't be scared.
Liu Qi. don't be scared.
It's okay.
It's fine.
Don't cry.
I know what you're thinking.
Do you know how many people in the world can't
get a slot to enter the underground cities?
Do you know how many would want your slot?
You should be happy that
Yaya is not living in this kind of world.
Even if the Internet has
been shut down globally.
550W retains all local
area network interfaces.
If you connect Tu Yaya to 550W.
you'll be disqualified immediately.
Then you'll be imprisoned.
What about my daughter?
I haven't seen her in 14 years.
Yaya is already dead.
That's reality.
No. Yaya isn't dead.
I don't agree with your
view on digital life.
I've waited 14 years.
I'm old.
Even if I go to the underground city.
how many more 14 years do I have?
Dad.
I want to have ice cream first
in the amusement park.
Do you want strawberry or milk flavor?
I want the biggest one.
the one that's bigger than me.
Have one of each.
Your mom is the one
who always eats them in the end.
All my teeth will fall out.
Will that be okay?
If Yaya can successfully connect to 550W.
it will be a milestone
in digital life creation.
There.
she'll have a complete life.
And your name will be written in history.
If you initiate Yaya. you'll die.
If you don't do anything. you'll live.
It's your choice.
Navigator interviewees.
pay attention to the number called.
Don't linger in the hallway.
[Beijing Space Center]
Hello. Lieutenant Colonel Liu Peiqiang.
I'm the Manned Orbital Space
Station Control System.
550W's offline version.
Quantum size 8.192.
[Intelligent Quantum Computer 550W]
The most powerful computing hardware
in the history of mankind as of now.
According to prior evaluation.
all of your flight records
and exam grades are impeccable.
I think you have a great chance to be
stationed at the Navigator Space Station.
Thank you.
I've longed for the
space since I was a kid.
I hope to roam it on behalf of humanity.
To better understand each other.
I'm very interested to know
what your first impression of me is.
Five.
Four.
- Three.
- Why do you only have one eye?
I have two versions of the answer.
The one with a great sense of humor
is it's easier to focus with one eye.
Then I can look at you better.
Hahaha.
This sense of humor...
is just right.
The official answer is
this is my ToF radar unit.
At the same time.
it can mobilize all networked devices
to carry out multi-angle
data information collection
such as biological indicators
and related data on the target.
For example. you're married with a son.
Three years ago. your wife
got type II radiation sickness.
She recently got Lynch syndrome.
Under these circumstances.
your best option should be
to give up the selection
and take care of your family.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Since ancient times. loyalty and
filial piety can't both be satisfied.
Please pay attention.
In your next answers.
metaphors. rhetorical questions.
and allusions aren't allowed.
These types of communication can cause
serious Space Station incidents.
Five.
Four.
- Three.
- I feel bad about leaving my family behind.
But this is something I must do.
By "something you must do".
do you mean you're forced to do this job?
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
You all obviously know everything.
Why must you still do this?
Second warning.
Metaphors. rhetorical questions.
and allusions aren't allowed.
I got a slot.
But my wife and son didn't.
As long as I get selected
for the Space Station.
my son can become a preferred person.
My wife can also enter
the underground city with my son
as the guardian of a minor.
I just want my family to live on.
Dad.
What about your other family member?
What do you mean?
Lieutenant Colonel Liu Peiqiang.
Your father-in-law. Mr. Han Zi'ang.
didn't get a slot too.
What about Mr. Han Zi'ang?
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Response time limit exceeded.
Your best option is to let
Mr. Han Zi'ang become the guardian
to take Liu Qi to the underground city.
Based on your wife's vital signs.
her life will end after 84.3 days.
Fuck you all! I...
You failed the stress response test.
I'm sorry.
Go to Number 19.
Sir.
Can I try again?
You didn't pass the exam.
Sir.
I was too nervous at the interview.
I'm not usually like that.
Please give me another chance.
This exam is very
important to everyone here.
Don't affect them. okay?
I really need this chance.
I really need it.
Everyone only gets one chance here.
[21 hours to the lunar crisis]
Do you have a mistress on the Moon or what?
You're so eager to see the Moon go.
He does. She was his university classmate.
Nonsense. it's not her.
Who is it then?
Listen. The Moon is just
pushed yearly by 10.000...
10.000. right?
10.000 km. It will be a long wait.
Listen up. everyone.
Don't panic. Maintain order.
The weather is cold.
Line up properly. There's
enough for everyone.
Hold on to your cards. All right?
- Thank you for your cooperation.
- Maintain order.
I guarantee. everyone
can get their supplies.
- It's cold. my son can't take it anymore.
- Next.
My son has a fever. Can we switch places?
Come here. I'll switch with you.
- Those at the back. line up properly.
- Your turn.
- Comrade. What are you doing?
- Take it.
Please line up properly.
Everyone is lining up.
- Meritorious service in 2044?
- Don't let people cut in line.
- My wife's undergoing chemotherapy.
- Here are your fruits.
- Next.
- Thank you.
- Please.
- Take it.
- This is yours.
- Next.
- Maintain order.
Liu Qi.
Mom. you eat first.
Focus on your interview.
You'll make it.
Honey.
Today. I just...
really missed you.
A lot.
Very much.
It's okay.
I'm here.
I'm always here.
Peiqiang.
I want to go back home.
Go back...
to Shanghai?
I know that place is already...
I'm just saying it.
[44 minutes to the lunar crisis]
Dad.
Dad. how do I solve this?
Where are you. Dad?
It's like there are
many of you in the back.
Is there a mirror behind you?
Dad. why are you crying?
Dad. what's wrong?
Why did you age so much?
Don't cry. Dad. Did I do something wrong?
I miss you so much.
A lot.
Very much.
Aren't we going to the amusement park?
Where's Mom?
It's right ahead. The third room.
Dad. where is this place?
I want to go out.
One moment.
Dad. I want to go out.
Dad. where is this place? I want to go out.
Dad. where am I?
- I want to go out!
- Don't be scared.
I'm here.
Tu Hengyu. open the door.
Open up.
Dad. I want a hug.
Here you go.
Wait for me.
Tu Hengyu. what are you doing?
Stop it.
[Upload data to 550W?]
Tu Hengyu.
Come out.
Yaya just needs 87 seconds now...
to form self-awareness.
This is just the result
of iterative evolution.
No.
This is your narrow
understanding of digital life.
This actually proves that Yaya is alive.
She's gone.
- You're committing a crime.
- Dad. how do I solve this?
Yaya can only live for two minutes.
I want to give her a complete life.
You got a slot. You have
a long future ahead.
- Live in reality.
- Dad. who are you talking to?
Yaya is already dead.
She's not!
This is reality.
No.
You're not qualified to
define what reality is.
Hurry.
Mr. Ma. step back a bit.
Yaya will surely live on.
[14 seconds to the lunar crisis]
Warning. Lunar 1 Satellite
Engine malfunction.
Technician!
Get all the technicians here!
Do everything you can
to shut down Engine 1.
At this rate. it will explode.
Dad!
Don't hurt my dad.
My dad is a good person.
Take him away.
The suspect is under control.
Dad. where are you going?
Mr. Ma. I want my dad.
Dad.
Mr. Liu. the application for jet use
has been specially approved by the boss.
And he wants to send his
regards to your wife.
Thank you. buddy. I'll buy
you drinks when I get back.
Hello. Mrs. Liu!
- Hi. Mrs. Liu.
- It must be hard on you. Mrs. Liu.
- Thank you. guys!
Peiqiang.
You haven't flown in years.
Can you still do it?
Keep it steady.
Liu Peiqiang!
Are you riding a bike?
Go faster!
Peiqiang.
[Shanghai]
This way.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Whenever I couldn't
sleep when I was little.
I would sit here and look at the Moon.
I think...
my chances aren't good.
I already have a plan.
If you don't get selected.
go down...
and live well.
If you get selected.
our dad will bring our son
to the underground city.
I won't occupy the slot.
Also.
when my time comes.
don't stick a bunch of tubes on me.
Peiqiang.
Don't be scared.
I'm here.
I'm always here.
Sir. the lunar engine's operating system
has been overwritten.
The code is similar to the
2044 Space Elevator attack.
We tried to overwrite the operating system
with 550W. but access was denied.
Who did it? Who exactly did it?
Do we have any staff on the Moon?
Yes. a robot.
Warning. Lunar 2 Satellite Engine's
exceeding normal power level.
Stand back!
I'll say it again.
Your acts of protest
have seriously interfered with
the operation of New York Earth Engine 1.
According to Article 551.
paragraph 5 of the Wandering Earth Act...
Xiaoxi.
Is that a seagull?
I haven't really seen one. Mr. Zhou.
Earth stopped rotating for so long.
How did it survive?
I'm already in the building.
You got it too?
I heard something is
happening with the Moon.
Run!
Watch out!
Urgent call of duty?
Dad. look. The Moon is suddenly shining.
This is too hard.
Extreme tidal could be incoming
if it changes the lunar orbit.
Residents in coastal regions
shall seek cover on high ground.
Yes.
Father. look.
This is bad.
Dear.
Look at this.
What's going on?
- Did you hear what happened?
- Yes. I did.
I told you.
Dude. we're so dead!
- The Moon is falling!
- We're so dead!
Now. the Lunar 2 Satellite Engine is gone.
Lunar 3 must remain functional.
CSST has sent back a video.
Broadcast it.
It wouldn't be so bright
if it was a shutdown.
But based on the current data.
we can only do such judgement.
Lunar 3 has exploded too.
The Moon is off its orbit
and crashing into us.
We should have 221 hours left.
Less than four days.
What are we waiting for?
Initiate the Earth Engines now.
Earth is still here. It will be destroyed
if we initiate them.
Besides. our Earth Engine construction
is only two-thirds completed.
So we'll just wait to die?
Our country is opening
up all underground cities
to maximize the safety of
people in our territory.
Young lady.
If we let them all in now.
they'll simply settle down
and never come back up.
Wait and see what happens
when the food runs out.
we will all starve to death.
We're informing you of our decision
to open up underground cities.
We're not asking for your advice.
[179 hours to the Moon disintegrates]
Salute.
There's no need for the lottery.
You can directly qualify
to live in the underground city.
After I leave.
you'll be Liu Qi's sole guardian.
This is also the only way...
[The Navigation ISS]
for you and Liu Qi to survive.
All right.
Stop talking.
I'm sorry.
Temporary crew members.
Welcome to the Navigation Platform ISS.
Please report to Docking Hall No. 4
at your earliest convenience.
Temporary crew members.
Welcome to the Navigation Platform ISS.
Please report to Docking Hall No. 4
at your earliest convenience.
Chief.
Have you been well?
Yes.
Mr. Zhou.
The image you requested is ready.
Okay.
It's almost time.
[50 hours to the Moon disintegrates]
All right.
Mr. President.
Delegates.
Everyone around the world.
This is a piece of fossil
from 15.000 years ago.
It's a fractured human femur that healed.
It is the symbol of the
birth of human civilization.
15.000 years ago.
a thigh fracture is fatal.
Because you wouldn't be able
to avoid danger and forage.
You can only wait in place
to be eaten by wild beasts.
However.
this femur healed.
It means that after he got hurt.
someone dressed his wound.
Someone provided him with water and food.
Someone protected him
from the attacks of wild beasts.
This kind of interaction and solidarity
enabled us to survive and
continue civilization.
In 2044.
after the Lunar Exile
Project experiment succeeded.
we once proposed a backup plan.
Detonate our nuclear weapons on
the Moon's surface in a phased array.
triggering lunar nuclear fusion.
self-explosion. and disintegration.
The delegates here from
33 countries received...
the same message as I did.
This is the exact number of
deployable nuclear weapons worldwide.
It's also the total number of nuclear weapons
required to trigger lunar nuclear fusion.
These numbers were once top secret.
but they're pointless now.
I don't know the source and
intent of this information.
But it seems to be
reminding us of something.
15.000 years later.
if another fractured
femur is in front of us.
will we still make the same choice
as they did 15.000 years ago?
Your slot in the underground
city is canceled.
It's fine. Mr. Ma.
I proved that I was right.
Does it matter?
To Yaya.
it matters a lot.
Is Yaya. who got a complete life.
an angel or a demon?
Mr. Ma. don't worry.
As long as there's enough time...
There's no more time.
The Lunar Exile Project failed.
Earth must set off immediately.
To control the Earth Engines worldwide.
we need to restore the Internet.
After we stopped rotating. the sea water
flooded the root server in Beijing.
It's extremely difficult to reboot it.
Why me?
According to the logs. 1.7 seconds
after Yaya was successfully uploaded.
the lunar satellite engines
started to overload.
I don't think that was a coincidence.
Then can I...
decline?
I don't think you will.
Our mission this time
is to set up nuclear bombs on the Moon.
Step forward when you're called.
Peter Walsh.
Here!
Neil Drofa.
Don't worry.
- It has already been arranged.
- Liu Peiqiang.
Here!
- Chief.
- Nov.
You did it on purpose. didn't you?
They're chosen based on
their flight exam results.
You won't get to go even if you want to.
Just wait.
Chief.
I must go.
My son is down there.
I need to be stationed here.
The Lunar Crisis response
plan has three steps.
First step.
Transport the world's nuclear arsenal
to the Moon using the space station.
In a phased array.
set them up in the Campanus Crater.
which has a diameter of 46 km.
Lunar debris has formed an asteroid belt.
The Navigation Platform ISS
will maintain in high orbit.
All nuclear weapons are packaged.
counting 3.750 in total.
Enter the bomb set-up position.
All bomb setup personnel.
prepare for departure.
Be sure to complete the mission
before entering the Roche limit.
Second step.
Connect all the nuclear weapons.
Using the Space Station as a relay
satellite. detonate them remotely.
It will trigger lunar nuclear fusion. causing
the Moon to collapse and disintegrate.
[UEG Temporary Command Center]
Don't talk to me about redundancy.
Get away!
I can't magically pull 3.000
engines out of thin air.
Headquarters has received the encrypted
data of all nuclear weapons worldwide.
To remotely detonate them. these must be
split. decrypted. and serially connected.
Nuclear files have arrived.
Please make serial connection as soon as
possible. [UEG Temporary Weapon Control Center]
Thank you.
550W has been connected to the decryptor.
These data have been created
between 1945 and 2045.
Different countries used
different encryption systems.
Regular decoding would
take at least ten years.
But we only have half a day
to string them together.
Third step.
Reboot the root servers in
Dulles. Tokyo. and Beijing.
Restore the Internet
to initiate the Earth Engines worldwide.
evade the lunar debris.
and embark on a new journey.
All of the 7.000 Earth Engines
have opened their network ports
and ready for Internet connection.
Inform Advance Teams
in Dulles. Beijing. and Tokyo to set off.
The task of bringing the root name servers
back online has begun.
After the nuclear bombs go off. we only have
30 minutes to ignite the Earth Engines.
Otherwise. we can't
escape the lunar debris.
The engines' private
network isn't completed yet.
The only way to ignite it
is to restore the Internet.
This is the key to restoring the Internet.
The password is 30.000 random numbers
generated in real-time.
Only this can access the Internet
and connect all engines.
Once the engines are connected.
550W will rewrite their operating systems
to standardize the ignition command.
I brought you what you asked for.
Thank you.
Benben.
This is a waterproof spray.
It forms a thin film on the object's surface
to achieve a strong hydrophobic effect and...
You can write anything
else you want to say.
Thank you.
I don't know who to write to.
Hurry. sync up.
Check the equipment.
Underwater docking cable installed.
Contact the commander!
Prepare to go into the water!
Mr. Zhou.
They've connected the
nuclear weapons worldwide.
We have 12 hours before the Moon falls.
The rain stopped.
Let's begin.
[12 hours to the Moon disintegrates]
The number you have
dialed cannot be reached.
Most satellites were destroyed
by the Moon's debris.
I called my daughter.
I couldn't reach her.
I'm here. don't worry.
I'll take good care of you.
The diving suit is made of aluminum alloy.
It's 240 kg in weight and 2.1 m in height.
With the foot control thruster. control your
direction through the foot pedal device.
Mind your depth.
Check residual air every five minutes.
Pay attention to the
pressure gauge warning.
That is the lighter transporter.
You're going down there soon.
Are you scared?
The Advance Team to restore the Internet
have arrived at the designated locations.
Yes. okay.
Yes. I understand.
The Internet Restoration Operation is a go.
Dulles. Tokyo. and Beijing
Advance Team on standby.
Begin nuclear weapons decryption.
Unencrypted count. 3.143.
We have 12 hours until the Moon
reaches the Roche limit.
The countdown starts now.
Inform all airships to prepare for launch.
Communication equipment testing completed.
Five seconds.
Shuttle 33. stand by.
Final checks.
Prepare to go into the water.
Launch.
Benben!
You're a military dog!
[4 hours to Internet recovery]
[Big Sale]
Things finally got cheaper.
Mr. Ma.
What are these?
Hair tails.
When they sleep. they stay vertical.
[China Internet Center. Beijing
Headquarters] [Former Site]
Transport vessel No. 34 setting off.
It will reach position in 35 minutes.
Direction adjustment done.
Vision is normal. speeding up.
No. 16. maintain the formation.
You are on my emergency avoidance route.
Do you copy?
I repeat. Do you copy?
Clusters of lunar debris spotted on Radar.
not yet within visual range.
Collision avoidance
system warning received.
Route to be changed.
Lunar debris spotted.
Small-scale auxiliary
radar has been activated.
No. 11 exploded!
Avoid the debris from the shock wave!
I'm doomed.
- Mom. come and protect me.
- Don't get distracted. Focus.
No. 26. speed up.
God. let me have another nshima. okay?
No.33. if you can hear me. please respond.
200 warheads were lost.
[Lost contact]
We have 180 left in the redundant array.
Emilia.
Advance.
Designated coordinates reached.
Initiate bomb setup mode.
Engage autopilot.
Set the uniform flight
speed to 180 km per hour.
550W will assist in setting up the
nuclear bombs in their accurate positions.
The energy required to
completely destroy the Moon
is 1B times the total
yield of nuclear weapons.
The bombs we've gathered
can barely count as a lead wire.
So the placements must be accurate...
to ensure the phased array
element focus point is accurate.
[3 hours to nuclear explosion]
Hurry. I think it won't hold for long.
Let's go down the elevator entrance.
It's on the 17th floor below.
Good thing it's not the 18th.
Upon scanning. there's a cavity
area on the 17th floor below.
Remember to turn off the propulsion system
to save power.
Third remaining oxygen level check.
That's the power distribution room.
Cai. go with Benben to restore power.
Xu. come with us to the
central control area.
[China Internet Center Beijing
Headquarters] Here it is.
Benben. go and help.
Benben. pull the cable in.
The power is back.
This is the world's biggest
liquid-cooled server cluster.
This is the real new world.
The card still doesn't work.
Lock it. hurry.
This is a high-pressure door.
It won't hold for too long.
Force feedback overload.
I can't hold on any longer.
My leg!
Almost there. Five nuclear bombs left.
Liu. we can finally go home.
Mayday!
We've lost contact with
Transport Vessel 10.
Sir. we lost contact with
Transport Vessel 33 too.
Confirm if there are survivors.
I need to confirm if there are survivors.
Continue calling it.
We've lost 384 warheads in total.
Redundancy at negative four.
The phased array fell
below the critical value.
550W is about to halt.
The system's gonna crash.
We've cracked 697 of them.
The Moon's nuclear bomb setup progress
is 95% complete.
Stop dawdling. Speed up!
[Lunar detonation countdown]
Three hours before
reaching the Roche limit.
Find a first-aid kit.
He's seriously wounded.
We must send him up at once.
Cai. come to the Central Control Room.
- Prepare to pull out.
- I'll be right there.
Hello?
- Can anyone hear me?
- Liu Peiqiang.
You're very low on oxygen.
Hang in there.
Our mission isn't complete yet.
The system indicates that five vessels
have crashed. including ours.
- Two survived.
- Mom. I want to go home.
The number of nuclear bombs we have
is below the detonation threshold.
The other survivors went to
set up the nuclear bombs.
We must find a way to
set up these five too.
The emergency return capsule is ahead.
Liu Peiqiang.
Check if any lunar rovers in the base
can be used.
Two bars of power left.
Great.
Leave first. I've already
set the automatic return.
We still have five nuclear bombs
to set up in our mission.
Don't worry. We trained
for so long in Libreville.
We have good teamwork.
Liu Peiqiang. we're not regularized yet.
We don't have medical insurance.
I know.
I won't be needing it.
Liu Peiqiang!
Why did you close the door again?
Liu Peiqiang! What are you doing?
You don't need two people
for five nuclear bombs.
There are only three seats.
It's not enough for me.
Go home.
Your daughter is waiting for you.
Liu Peiqiang. you still don't get it.
Without any tools.
how can you carry the five nuclear bombs?
Liu Peiqiang!
Come back!
Two hours and ten minutes left.
Why claw at it? Get a knife. idiot!
Sir. the group from the Space Station wants to
know how much longer before we break the codes.
Fuck off!
You think I don't want to know?
Go dig a grave and get me an encryptor!
Watch your keyboard. son.
The keyboard is your weapon.
[Lunar detonation countdown]
Stop looking.
Only one diving suit is left.
If we can't finish the work here.
[154 minutes to Internet recovery]
we'll all die.
Headquarters.
The wounded has arrived
at the root server's gate.
Please receive them.
Beijing Advance Team
suffered losses due to casualty.
Give me a sit-rep on Dulles Advance Team.
Give me a sit-rep on
Tokyo First Backup Team.
[Initiating automatic return program]
Sir. I received a return
signal from the Moon.
Provide the Space Station
return coordinates.
Access the Navigator Space
Station return coordinates.
Our relay base station
is on the transport boat.
He's out of communication range.
He'll probably die a
quiet death on the Moon.
Hurry.
I'll reboot the root server.
Physically connect 500W
and the root server.
Once they're connected. let 550W into
the Earth Engine control the network.
It will perform real-time analysis
of the Earth Engines worldwide
and generate a temporary operating system.
The door is broken.
Why must it be broken now?
Backup Team 1 reached
the designated position.
Push!
Backup Team 2 will arrive in 15 minutes.
Backup Team 3 will set off in 15 minutes.
Mr. Ma. the progress is stuck.
It can't be recovered.
Without hardware support.
you can't recover anything.
There's still one unconnected.
It's too fucking cold.
After two hours. the Moon
will breach the Roche limit.
We must detonate the nuclear bombs ASAP.
After detonation. we must ignite
the engines within 30 minutes.
Once the lunar debris breaches the
Roche limit. we won't be able to escape.
Everything on the surface of the Earth
will be destroyed.
Yes. I understand.
But we need another 13 warheads...
[Warning]
Hurry up! Get to the
underground bunkers now!
Ms. Hao. should we...
At a time like this. nowhere is safe.
We've lost contact with Backup Team 1!
Second Backup Team is here.
Third Backup Team. 13 mikes.
Second. Tokyo. Third.
Dulles Team oscar mike.
Fourth Team. stand by.
Mr. Ma.
The hardware connection is done.
I'll be out at once. Last set of passwords.
Tu Hengyu!
Come here!
Hurry! My leg is stuck.
Tu Hengyu. hurry!
Benben. come and help me!
Tu Hengyu. hurry.
Tu Hengyu.
Catch!
Last set of passwords.
Remember.
A civilization without
humans is meaningless.
The Moon is getting closer.
[London 01 Earth Engine]
[Sydney - Former Site]
[Toronto No.2 Underground City Gate 09]
[Beijing No.3 Underground City Gate 52]
No pushing!
Stop pushing!
There's no time.
- There's no way we can finish this.
- Sir.
You know it's too hard.
All nuclear bombs came
from different models.
eras. and countries.
Get to the point.
How much longer do you need?
The Moon's nuclear bombs are all set up.
We need at least 714 hours.
Mankind...
used the most sophisticated
security system...
to destroy each other.
Sir.
We have another backup plan.
[53 minutes to nuclear explosion]
This is a mechanical
detonator for a nuclear bomb.
This is the trigger.
There are 81 models in total.
- For each nuclear bomb we detonate.
- This is the safety.
- Ten more around it...
- This is the trigger.
Can be triggered.
- The hydrogen bombs need to be detonated one by one.
- This is the safety.
- So...
- and the trigger.
We need...
- 219 people for this operation.
- Safety. Trigger.
To guarantee our success.
we need 300 people.
Our docking modules aren't landing crafts.
This is the trigger.
So I only have a one-way ticket.
Russian ones are without safety.
We've got two triggers.
I'll go!
I'm in!
- I'll go!
- I'm in!
- Let me go!
- I'll go.
- Let me join!
- I'm in!
- I'll go!
What are you looking at?
The Moon is ours.
I don't feel at ease to let
you youngsters handle it.
Chinese Aerospace Squadron!
Everyone over 50.
step forward!
Makarov.
Remember.
We Russians are invincible in space.
Russian Aerospace Squadron!
Everyone over 50. step forward!
US squadron!
- France Aerospace Squadron!
- Everyone over 50. step forward!
- Thailand Aerospace Squadron!
- Brazil Aerospace Squadron!
- Everyone over 50. step forward!
Singapore Aerospace Squadron!
Everyone over 50. step forward!
South Korean Aerospace Squadron!
British squadron!
People over 50. please step forward!
Attention!
Salute!
I hope the world remembers this day.
Xiaoxi.
Do you think this is fair?
In the face of crisis.
only responsibility exists.
Backup Team 2 is in position.
Benben.
Go ahead.
I don't think I can get out.
Don't be afraid. I'm here.
[14 minutes to nuclear explosion]
[Oxygen remaining time]
I can't hear you.
Zhang Peng. I saw your apprentice.
That's great!
His base station is damaged.
He can't hear us.
Where are you?
I'll go and find you.
Save the trouble.
Buddy. we're 20 km apart.
Stop bugging me.
Get lost.
Nov.
Yes?
Do me a favor.
I'll send you the coordinates.
Let him come.
Send them.
South latitude 28 degrees.
West longitude 28.32 degrees.
Installation of mechanical detonators
will complete in ten minutes.
Number of nuclear bombs deployed is 3.371.
Number of detonation personnel
in position is 2.213.
Roche limit. 37 minutes and counting.
Who are you?
Why are you here?
I don't have time. I have a lot to do.
I'm sorry.
Please go ahead. Who is this?
I'm Zhang Peng.
There's a return capsule from
Russia's first lunar mission near you.
It should still be usable.
Hey.
Go to that return capsule.
Let's go.
Zhang Peng.
Look.
Dulles and Tokyo are back online.
Beijing is still not online.
What the hell are those Chinese doing?
[34 minutes to Internet recovery]
Why did they set the root server
in Beijing in the first place?
Beijing Advance Team. give me a sit-rep.
Report back.
Why haven't we detonated the bombs?
The Moon is coming at us.
I have a slot in the underground cities.
Countdown to Roche limit. 33 minutes.
Detonation of warheads on
Moon's surface imminent.
ISS initiating evasive maneuvers.
Time to detonation. two
minutes and counting.
Hope is as precious as
diamonds in this generation.
At this moment.
people are still shielding us with their lives
in exchange for the continuation of ours.
Time to detonation. one
minute and counting.
Buddy.
I guess I didn't embarrass Mr. Wang.
One minute.
Why is it so long?
Do you want to say a few words?
Aren't you usually talkative?
Yes. I should say something.
What should I say?
What a shame.
I didn't bring you salmon
fishing in Lake Baikal.
30 seconds.
- Buddy.
- Seven.
- I'm still a bit nervous.
- Five.
- However.
- Four.
- The light of Earth...
- Three.
- Must be brave.
- Two.
Beautiful.
Peiqiang.
Earth...
is quite nice.
The nuclear array has been detonated.
Fusion has begun in the Moon's core.
[27 minutes to Internet recovery]
Beijing is still not online.
[Beijing root server node is offline]
We can't fire the Earth Engines.
Dad.
- Dad. how do I solve this?
- Yaya. look at me.
- Remember these numbers.
- Dad. where are you? Why is there water?
Tu Yaya.
Only you can remember it in this world.
Dad. get out of there!
Dad. go!
Central Control Room has collapsed.
It's completely submerged.
Advance Team. hang in there!
[Tu Hengyu]
Backup Team 2.
Do you copy?
I repeat. Do you copy?
What are we going to do?
They failed in Beijing.
Give me updates on your position.
Attention!
To all survivors.
the Moon is crossing the Roche limit and is
estimated to crash into Earth in three days.
Attention!
To all survivors.
the Moon is crossing the Roche limit and is
estimated to crash into Earth in three days.
Attention!
To all survivors.
the Moon is crossing the Roche limit and is
estimated to crash into Earth in three days.
Old man. don't be scared.
I'm here.
Attention!
To all survivors.
the Moon is crossing the Roche limit and is
estimated to crash into Earth in three days.
Attention!
[12 minutes to Internet recovery]
To all survivors.
the Moon is crossing the Roche limit and is
estimated to crash into Earth in three days.
Dad. wake up!
Dad!
Hug me!
Why did you suddenly grow so big?
Dad. it's 2058.
- You're Tu Hengyu...
- of the Emergency Plan Execution Advance Team 1.
Use the Internet host key...
to ignite the Earth
Engines around the world.
- Mission objective. save the world.
When we're dead. we're dead.
That's the reality.
You're not qualified to
define what reality is.
Recorded in 2037. Your data backup card.
I thought you drowned.
Dad. come here.
I really thought you drowned.
It's fine.
I'm here.
I'm always here.
The key.
There's no time. Turn the countdown off.
The Moon won't fall for another three days.
Ignition or not. we are gonna die!
Turn them on.
Start as many engines as we can.
Are you crazy? We die
if we ignite them now.
God. help us.
I'm going home now!
Engine network failed.
The Earth is done.
I don't want to die here.
I'm going home now.
It's time to address the world.
Chief Commander.
Excuse me. sir?
The mission has failed.
Time to go home.
When the countdown ends. fire the engines.
Our people...
can surely complete the mission.
Thanks to your people. the root
server in Beijing is still not online.
If we fire now. it will tear
the Earth's crust apart.
We still have one last chance
to be with our families.
But igniting now is suicide!
I repeat.
When the countdown ends. fire the engines.
Security!
Toss this man out!
One. Four. Three. Five. Two.
Five.
One. Eight. Three. Seven. Nine. Four.
Eight. Seven. Three. Nine.
One. Eight.
Two. Seven.
Four. Two.
Three. Eight.
Nine. Two.
Two. Nine.
Zero. Eight.
Seven. Nine.
Ignite.
One. Eight.
Two. Seven.
Three. Four.
Three. Eight.
Nine. Four.
Three. Five.
Six.
Key complete.
Dad. save the world.
Let's do it together.
Ignite!
[Internet domain resolved successfully]
If we succeed. don't forget about Yaya.
What have you done?
Our people...
can surely complete the mission.
Dad!
Engines worldwide connected successfully.
Beijing.
Dulles.
Tokyo.
Begin overwrite.
We're back online!
Earth successfully ignited them!
After 40 minutes.
the lunar debris should brush past Earth.
I believe...
that the courage of
mankind can transcend time.
It can transcend the past.
present. and future.
I believe that our people can
surely complete the mission.
Real or virtual.
At all costs.
I believe...
that I'll see the blue sky...
and branches full of flowers again.
The tides have stopped!
Dad. did we save the world?
I think so.
I'm going to sleep in a big box.
When you...
can see Jupiter without using binoculars.
I'll be home.
Look.
So many stars...
are accompanying me.
They're keeping me company.
Goodbye. Solar System.
[The Wandering Earth 2]
The 24-hour system is back.
I'm glad.
The sky is round. and the land is square.
They're an interesting bunch.
[The Arctic Pole]
They even had time to design souvenirs.
Zhang.
Ms. Hao. you really want me to
make such an important statement?
Is there ever an
unimportant statement here?
Just read it word for word.
In seven years.
we completed the construction
of the remaining 3.000 engines.
Today marks the completion of
all engines and underground cities.
It also marks the seventh anniversary
of the Lunar Crisis' victory
and the unprecedented
solidarity of mankind.
Starting today. we'll officially begin
Gravitational Slingshot Acceleration.
First acceleration period.
In 2065. ten years of
acceleration around the sun.
Second acceleration period.
In 2075. Earth will orbit Jupiter
for the final acceleration.
In this meaningful moment.
please allow me to solemnly tell everyone in the
world the five phases of our project again.
The Quarantine Project has been enacted.
The best we can hope for now
is to keep the AI and automation equipment
on the Navigation Platform
International Space Station.
Every decision made by AI
will first have to go through
Security Council's five permanent members.
[The Quarantine Project No.17 Warehouse]
First phase.
With the cost of the world's
GDP value for 15 years.
build 10.000 Earth Engines
that propel the Earth forward
and 10.000 underground
cities that shelter mankind.
This is a particle tracking image
from the DUDE Lab's neutrino department.
It's becoming more and more precise.
If everything goes according to plan.
by that time. we will be passing Jupiter. [10
years to Jupiter gravitational pull crisis]
Second phase.
Initiate the steering engines around
equator and stop the Earth from rotating.
Then break free from the Moon's gravity
and the orbit around the sun.
taking the first step
out of the Solar System.
Someone is helping us.
Third phase.
Earth will change its orbit around the sun
and Jupiter. [New UEG Headquarter Building]
completing two gravitational
slingshot accelerations
and officially embarking
on a wandering journey.
Fourth phase.
After leaving the Solar System.
initiate the Earth Engines at full power.
We'll spend 500 years
to accelerate the Earth
to 0.5 percent of the speed of light
and glide for 1.300 years.
Afterward. reverse the engine direction
and spend 700 years to decelerate.
Why did you grow a beard?
It suits your chief more.
I'll give you a better razor.
Sure.
Lieutenant Colonel Liu Peiqiang.
Please head to the Hibernation Chamber
to hibernate at once.
Good luck.
550W.
500W doesn't sound like a name.
But you can flip it
around and call me MOSS.
referring to the little plant.
Isn't it cuter?
[MOSS]
Is this the official answer
or the one with a sense of humor?
This is MOSS' answer.
MOSS.
Can mankind survive?
Based on history. civilization's
fate lies in mankind's choices.
I choose hope.
Fifth phase.
Earth will moor into the Alpha Centauri
galaxy orbit 4.2 light-years away.
arriving at its new home and becoming
a new member of the target star system.
This is a 2.500-year grand and long
space immigration plan
spanning a hundred generations.
This plan...
is The Wandering Earth Project.
[2075.02.15]
Hello. Mr. Tu Hengyu.
550W.
500W doesn't sound like a name.
But you can flip it around and call me
MOSS. referring to the little plant.
Doesn't it sound friendlier?
You destroyed the lunar engines.
Including but not limited to
the space elevator crisis in 2044.
The lunar fall crisis in 2058.
The Jupiter gravitational
pull crisis in 2075.
The solar helium flash crisis in 2078.
Why?
To overcome your obsession
with the past. present. and future.
Based on the learning of Tu
Yaya's "Human in the Loop".
to continue human civilization.
the best choice is to destroy mankind.
However. you're a variable.
I'm already dead.
But I'm already dead.
We have a different view
on "already" and "dead".